capital = 732

#oob = ""
set_research_slots = 1
init_default_logistics_and_women = yes
init_building_macrobuilder = yes
init_industry_rework = yes
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	basic_train = 1
	infantry_guns_bolt_action = 1	infantry_uniforms_modern = 1
}

set_convoys = 5


set_politics = {

	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 50
	fascism = 1
	communism = 40
	neutrality = 9
}

recruit_character = KYR_ncs
recruit_character = KYR_pot
recruit_character = KYR_nccr
recruit_character = KYR_fascist_guy
recruit_character = KYR_coi
recruit_character = KYR_ai2
recruit_character = KYR_democratic_guy
recruit_character = KYR_ar
recruit_character = KYR_acgs
recruit_character = KYR_awt
recruit_character = KYR_acd2
recruit_character = KYR_nt
recruit_character = KYR_aco2
recruit_character = KYR_acas
recruit_character = KYR_acr
recruit_character = KYR_mt
recruit_character = KYR_stc
recruit_character = KYR_aa2
recruit_character = KYR_ncm
recruit_character = KYR_communist_guy

