capital = 116
init_default_logistics_and_women = yes
init_building_macrobuilder = yes
init_industry_rework = yes
#oob = ""

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	basic_train = 1
	infantry_guns_bolt_action = 1	infantry_uniforms_modern = 1
}

set_convoys = 5

recruit_character = MLT_aco2
recruit_character = MLT_nt
recruit_character = MLT_communist_guy
recruit_character = MLT_pot
recruit_character = MLT_acas
recruit_character = MLT_acr
recruit_character = MLT_stc
recruit_character = MLT_ai2
recruit_character = MLT_ncs
recruit_character = MLT_ncm
recruit_character = MLT_acd2
recruit_character = MLT_democratic_guy
recruit_character = MLT_fascist_guy
recruit_character = MLT_coi
recruit_character = MLT_ar
recruit_character = MLT_aa2
recruit_character = MLT_awt
recruit_character = MLT_acgs
recruit_character = MLT_mt
recruit_character = MLT_nccr

set_politics = {

	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 50
	fascism = 8
	communism = 15
	neutrality = 27
}




