capital = 78
init_default_logistics_and_women = yes
init_building_macrobuilder = yes
init_industry_rework = yes
#oob = ""

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	basic_train = 1
	infantry_guns_bolt_action = 1	infantry_uniforms_modern = 1
}

set_convoys = 5


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 55
	fascism = 1
	communism = 30
	neutrality = 14
}

recruit_character = MOL_acas
recruit_character = MOL_acgs
recruit_character = MOL_ncm
recruit_character = MOL_nt
recruit_character = MOL_pot
recruit_character = MOL_nccr
recruit_character = MOL_aco2
recruit_character = MOL_coi
recruit_character = MOL_aa2
recruit_character = MOL_democratic_guy
recruit_character = MOL_acd2
recruit_character = MOL_acr
recruit_character = MOL_fascist_guy
recruit_character = MOL_stc
recruit_character = MOL_ncs
recruit_character = MOL_awt
recruit_character = MOL_mt
recruit_character = MOL_communist_guy
recruit_character = MOL_ai2
recruit_character = MOL_ar

