capital = 119

set_research_slots = 3
init_default_logistics_and_women = yes
init_building_macrobuilder = yes
init_industry_rework = yes
set_technology = {
	basic_train = 1
	infantry_guns_bolt_action = 1	infantry_uniforms_modern = 1
	#infantry_guns_bolt_action1 = 1
}

set_convoys = 10

recruit_character = NIR_aa2
recruit_character = NIR_awt
recruit_character = NIR_coi
recruit_character = NIR_stc
recruit_character = NIR_acgs
recruit_character = NIR_nccr
recruit_character = NIR_ncs
recruit_character = NIR_nt
recruit_character = NIR_communist_guy
recruit_character = NIR_acr
recruit_character = NIR_pot
recruit_character = NIR_aco2
recruit_character = NIR_mt
recruit_character = NIR_ar
recruit_character = NIR_fascist_guy
recruit_character = NIR_acd2
recruit_character = NIR_ncm
recruit_character = NIR_ai2
recruit_character = NIR_acas
recruit_character = NIR_democratic_guy

set_politics = {

	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1933.1.24"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 98
	fascism = 1
	communism = 1
}

