capital = 70

oob = "SLO_1939"
init_default_logistics_and_women = yes
init_building_macrobuilder = yes
init_industry_rework = yes
factory_passive_coal_consumption_scripted_effect = yes
add_dynamic_modifier = {
	modifier = factory_passive_coal_consumption
}
set_technology = {
	basic_train = 1
	artillery_1 = 1
	anti_air_1 = 1
	
	
	infantry_guns_bolt_action = 1
	infantry_uniforms_modern = 1
	#infantry_guns_bolt_action1 = 1

	infantry_heavy_light_mortar = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	CAS1 = 1
}



set_politics = {

	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1933.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 5
	fascism = 90
	communism = 5
}

recruit_character = SLO_jozef_tiso
recruit_character = SLO_jaroslav_kratochvil
recruit_character = SLO_vojtech_daubner
recruit_character = SLO_jozef_hora
recruit_character = SLO_frano_kral
recruit_character = SLO_jozef_snejdarek
recruit_character = SLO_fritz_gejza
recruit_character = SLO_frantisek_sadek
recruit_character = SLO_stefan_tiso
recruit_character = SLO_cyril_kuchta
recruit_character = SLO_jindrich_honzl
recruit_character = SLO_frantisek_straka
recruit_character = SLO_karol_sidor
recruit_character = SLO_emil_lendvay
recruit_character = SLO_jozef_turanec
recruit_character = SLO_gustav_malar
recruit_character = SLO_rudolf_viest
recruit_character = SLO_janko_jesensky
recruit_character = SLO_ferdinand_catlos
recruit_character = SLO_anton_pulanick


create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Rifle Squad '36"
	type = infantry_squad_0
	parent_version = 0
	show_position = no
	modules = {
		leader_slot = squad_leader_bolt_action
		nco_slot = nco_bolt_action
		man_1_slot = infantry_bolt_action
		man_2_slot = infantry_bolt_action
		man_3_slot = infantry_bolt_action
		man_4_slot = infantry_bolt_action
		man_5_slot = infantry_lmg
		man_6_slot = empty
		man_7_slot = empty
		man_8_slot = empty
		man_9_slot = empty
		man_10_slot = empty
		grenade_slot = infantry_grenades_few
	}
}
